Add Header, Request/Response and Caller BBEs (#3944)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-request/http_request.md

# HTTP request

> The request represents the incoming message to a service and the outgoing message from a client. A request is used to invoke an endpoint. Ballerina represents it via the `http:Request` object. You can define the request as a resource function argument. During the runtime, the `http:Listener` populates properties, headers and payload to the `http:Request`. When calling backend endpoint, a user-defined `http:Request` can be used. The support functions associated such as getXXXPayload(), getCookies(), getHeader(),.. etc. help developers to explore more of the transport message. To handle advanced scenarios such as cookie, multipart, and 100-continue, the `http:Request` is useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request represents the incoming message to a service and the outgoing message from a client. A request is used to invoke an endpoint. Ballerina represents it via the `http:Request` object. You can define the request as a resource function argument. During the runtime, the `http:Listener` populates the properties, headers, and payload to the `http:Request`. When calling the backend endpoint, a user-defined `http:Request` can be used. The associated support functions such as `getXXXPayload()`, `getCookies()`, `getHeader()`, etc. help you to explore more of the transported message. The `http:Request` is useful to handle advanced scenarios such as a cookie, multipart, and 100-continue.
```
